i'm laura lane and this is the whip our
pick of the best soccer videos on
youtube ever since robin van persie made
it clear he wanted to leave arsenal
rumors have been swirling about where
he'll go next one of the clubs in the
mix is none other than Manchester United
take a look at this reenactment of what
a meeting between Sir Alex Ferguson and
arson bangers sounded like as they sat
down to negotiate over the Dutch striker
bloody and just passing by you are just
passing by we are in Hong Kong yes fancy
that I want to talk about van Persie he
does not want to play for you anymore
I'm pretty sure that's exactly what
happened right spot on either way the
fight for our vp continues and it's
anybody's guess as to where he'll land
next the summer fox soccer is presenting
an all-access look behind the scenes of
one of the premier league's biggest
clubs in the new series being Liverpool
the six-part documentary style show
won't air until mid-september but the
team has put out and extended trailer to
give fans an early taste of what to
expect from the series take a look to
make this club competitive again I
always liked the ambience to be relaxed
but focused or she wants the bustle goes
then bang the Walker the last three
years the club were finished between 6th
7th and 8th so there's a massive journey
kind of like the Premier League version
of HBO's hard knocks I can't wait as you
know Chelsea are here in the states to
play in the world football challenge and
the mls all-star game while visiting
seattle they got a chance to meet Will
Ferrell and zach galifianakis stars of
the upcoming comedy of the campaign and
the stars they got a chance to mingle
with the likes of Tedder check and Frank
Lampard check it out no offense
Christmas the rest of the team hasn't
meeting it's very hard nothing
that looks like some fun will is a
longtime fan of Chelsea and clearly
Peter and Frank are fans of his work as
well as the start of the serio season
approaches players are focusing on
getting mentally and physically prepared
for the ruling season ahead Wow most
everyone let's take a look at Ruby neo
kevin-prince boateng and Rodney Strasser
clearly working so very very hard at AC
Milan training those are some nice move
fellas it is never too early in the
season to start practicing those goal
celebration dances hope you use them no
lease raising the feet right finally
we've shown you swamp soccer on the whip
before and now here is some soap soccer
down in Brazil a number of gorgeous
ladies gathered to play a bit of stalker
on inflatable pitch covered in soap like
slathered in still watches these ladies
try as hard as they can to stay standing
much let's take a soccer ball around
always forgot the words I can set up a
time I
no place that looks like some good clean
fun to me see what I did there ok that
is it for the whip today subscribe to
keep the whip coming your way I will see
you next time